I will pay bread checks today I will explain
the best game in the world why i don't play
mycosis ime 1
and as you might think we will chain
play the game i bread bread all over the head
we have to try and fry ourselves no neither
fry and fry okay went real
bread can take a knife can take an item
and it reminds me of small anchor francs
management oh i broke that okay i
I would like to begin to understand where we need
go first there pour i see in
toaster
personally that we should fry ourselves in a toast
sorry women peasant women
trying not that good but a lot of beans about
no no no no no hold on hold i'm on
skite stop I'm positive your bread
there bread give bread is the best
bread surfer about almost an hour spout oval and
let's go we went somewhere very quickly
just not on the dirty floor
we will spoil not from 43 is 76
percent thick this type means what
we can eat
for so many percent we are
yummy everyone is so happy now my
the task of becoming the most delicious bread on
the planet is very simple remember no you are not
first quietly stop sasovtsy himself again
Now, well, and maybe I drove more
little cat litter there I am not there
not in the cat toilet for this gameplay
gameplay wai come on bread
This is the fastest bread already in my
life please oh yes this game is full
even more interesting than the goat simulator is not
ask why please don't
ask why we drive we drive
oh that's speed
oh yeah he skates better than me
okay all stop here now
neatly please 1 no yes wait
you fucking bitch let's strand 3 bitch bitch
Bitch Bitch 14
wai-wai one please hold this bread
the strongest bread I've ever had
saw probably plant number four
he is there no there is no time there is no
like all good to me now as a fry
i become the best bread on the planet
wait i'm real i don't i don't know what
then do well now what do I do
tell me no
please it would be nice to just understand
at least
what do i do that i understand yes
yes yes so I turned back
It is not necessary to have a toaster I'll Th
bread or something, yes, I forgot to sell it
difficult to do when you play for the bread I
I'm still surprised when I played the order
Well, let's think how to get there
honestly say no quiet quiet quiet
quiet quiet
keep calm quietly quiet stand hold on
hold on climb up there for god's sake
quiet come on i got there it sting wave
vat m toast oh I would not say that very
yummy
but
rainbow ring
I went through how you did it very easily
only half an hour sat
next morning yes and 2 but what will happen
should kapets all dirty floor dude from
star TV and you live and everything where that
for the garbage
okay dudes if you like this
game put big thumbs up and me
really on quality on me
enjoyed it and what i spent on it
so much money and hit me somebody
check out the description of dudes if you
interestingly accumulating power captions
if you like, don't forget
put like don't forget put like
Like if you like it
subscribe
Like Subscribe